# EA Desktop 解析器

该解析器从 `EA Desktop` 应用程序导入游戏，以便为它们选择艺术品并将其添加到 Steam 中。 This parser imports games from the `EA Desktop` app, so that artwork can be chosen for them and they can be added into Steam. If it doesn't work it is because EA has altered the structure of their xml files, in which case please let the developers of SRM know and we will resolve the issue. If it doesn't work it is because EA has altered the structure of their xml files, in which case please let the developers of SRM know and we will resolve the issue. If it doesn't work it is because EA has altered the structure of their xml files, in which case please let the developers of SRM know and we will resolve the issue. If it doesn't work it is because EA has altered the structure of their xml files, in which case please let the developers of SRM know and we will resolve the issue. This parser imports games from the `EA Desktop` app, so that artwork can be chosen for them and they can be added into Steam. If it doesn't work it is because EA has altered the structure of their xml files, in which case please let the developers of SRM know and we will resolve the issue. If it doesn't work it is because EA has altered the structure of their xml files, in which case please let the developers of SRM know and we will resolve the issue. If it doesn't work it is because EA has altered the structure of their xml files, in which case please let the developers of SRM know and we will resolve the issue. If it doesn't work it is because EA has altered the structure of their xml files, in which case please let the developers of SRM know and we will resolve the issue. If it doesn't work it is because EA has altered the structure of their xml files, in which case please let the developers of SRM know and we will resolve the issue.
